README.md, before:

# Hello World Qt
Hello World Qt is an easily configurable build system for distributing
Python-based Qt applications. This is an example repository for
[PyDeployment](https://github.com/pydeployment/pydeployment), which is used to
easily build applications for Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Check out the workflow file to get an idea of how to use GitHub workflows to
automate creating releases and building binaries.

## Code Signing and Notarization for macOS Builds
On macOS, applications must be code signed and notarized in order for users to
run them without bypassing Gatekeeper. You will need an active Apple Developer
account in order to generate and use the necessary certificate to code sign
your application.

To enable code signing and notarization for macOS builds, you will need to
uncomment the relevant lines in the `release.yml` workflow file and add several
repository secrets. These secrets can be added at
`https://github.com/<user>/<repo>/settings/secrets/actions`.

The following secrets are needed.

| Name | Content |
| :-- | :-- |
| MACOS_CERTIFICATE | Developer ID Application certificate exported from the Keychain Access app and encoded in base64 |
| MACOS_CERTIFICATE_NAME | Name of the Developer ID Application certificate. Comes in the form `Developer ID Application: Name Here (TEAMIDHERE)` |
| MACOS_CERTIFICATE_PWD | The password of the exported certificate |
| MACOS_CI_KEYCHAIN_PWD | Randomly generated password |
| MACOS_NOTARIZATION_APPLE_ID | Apple ID of the Apple Developer Account |
| MACOS_NOTARIZATION_PWD | A generated app-specific password |
| MACOS_NOTARIZATION_TEAM_ID | Team ID of the Apple Developer Account |

Commit message:

repo: Update README.md
Update repo readme to reflect the new macOS build workflow files.

README.md, after:

# Hello World Qt
Hello World Qt is an easily configurable build system for distributing
Python-based Qt applications. This is an example repository for
[PyDeployment](https://github.com/pydeployment/pydeployment), which is used to
easily build applications for Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Check out the workflow file to get an idea of how to use GitHub workflows to
automate creating releases and building binaries.

## Code Signing and Notarization for macOS Builds
On macOS, applications must be code signed and notarized in order for users to
run them without bypassing Gatekeeper. You will need an active Apple Developer
account in order to generate and use the necessary certificate to code sign
your application.

To enable code signing and notarization for macOS builds, you will need to
uncomment the relevant lines in the `build-macos.yml` and
`build-macos-intel.yml` workflow files and add several repository secrets.
These secrets can be added at
`https://github.com/<user>/<repo>/settings/secrets/actions`.

The following secrets are needed.

| Name | Content |
| :-- | :-- |
| MACOS_CERTIFICATE | Developer ID Application certificate exported from the Keychain Access app and encoded in base64 |
| MACOS_CERTIFICATE_NAME | Name of the Developer ID Application certificate. Comes in the form `Developer ID Application: Name Here (TEAMIDHERE)` |
| MACOS_CERTIFICATE_PWD | The password of the exported certificate |
| MACOS_CI_KEYCHAIN_PWD | Randomly generated password |
| MACOS_NOTARIZATION_APPLE_ID | Apple ID of the Apple Developer Account |
| MACOS_NOTARIZATION_PWD | A generated app-specific password |
| MACOS_NOTARIZATION_TEAM_ID | Team ID of the Apple Developer Account |
